Hey Xiaofan
Where are you?
I brought you dinner
Uncle Chen, aren't you resting today?
Hey can't be idle
The braised pork your aunt made for you today
I also brought you one
It'll be there in a few minutes, just in time to eat while it's hot
Xiao Hei, are you not with Xiaolan?
This is what I cooked for you
You'll be with Xiaolan in a while, get out
I 20,000 my shoes and this dress 60,000
This is all because I pestered Sun Shao to buy it for me
If you get my skirt dirty, you can pay for it. It's a pity, Lin.
Daughter-in-law Uncle Chen
You haven't left yet
But you came just in time
This old thing
It's getting my skirt and shoes dirty.
Pay me.
Lin Kexin, do you still have a conscience?
When I first got out of the elevator
See clearly
You pushed Uncle Chen to the ground
How did Uncle Chen treat you before?
Have you forgotten?
Who told him to pull my leg
Deserved
Uncle Chen has given me a few comrades before
His leg was also wounded on the battlefield
How can you have a good day without them?
That deserves it
deserve it
I'll let you know today.
What does it mean to really deserve it?